README.md, before:

# SotOR: Saves of the Old Republic

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)

A new save editor for KotOR 1 and 2

![](assets/screenshot.png)

# Warning

SotOR is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural, and generally lacks sanity checks, potentially allowing you to break the save. Also there are bugs, probably.

It creates a zip with the previous version of the save in it's directory, but you may still want to back it up manually.

May or may not work with saves from non-English versions of the game. Use at your own risk.

# Differences from KSE

- Aims to provide the same features and more. Currently WIP.
- Runs natively on Windows, Linux and [in the browser](https://starfishxeno.github.io/sotor/) (experimental, using wasm). Mac version should work, but pre-built releases won't be available here.
- Uses a built-in game database, allowing it to work wihout the game installed. Still capable of loading provided game files for your modding needs. Provided releases assume KotOR 1 Community patch and KotOR2 TSLRCM.
- Support for the updated steam version of TSL, including workshop.
- Does NOT support xbox and switch saves. See "Contributing" section.

# Contributing

If you encounter a bug or have a suggestion, please open an issue on github.

I would like to add support for the console versions, but I don't own any of them. If you're willing to provide save files and help with testing, please open an issue.

# Building

To build SotOR yourself you need to have the [rust toolchain](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started), platform-specific dependencies for [egui](https://github.com/emilk/egui/tree/3b19303e02bd2d386cf8b85b248388a25bfe9e26/crates/egui_glow) and [rfd](https://docs.rs/rfd/0.13.0/rfd/index.html#gtk-backend) and both games installed.

Set environment variable `STEAM_APPS` to your steamapps directory or use a `.env` file. If you are not using steam it should still work if the provided directory has the correct structure. See `build.rs` for details.

Example:

```bash
echo STEAM_APPS=/mnt/storage/SteamLibrary/steamapps > .env
cargo run #run a debug build
cargo build --release #build a release version
```

To build for other targets you also need to install [cross](https://github.com/cross-rs/cross) and [trunk](https://trunkrs.dev/). See `build-all.sh`.

# Thanks

Thanks to [KSE](https://github.com/nadrino/kotor-savegame-editor), [NWN Wiki](https://nwn.wiki), [KotOR.js](https://github.com/KobaltBlu/KotOR.js) and [xoreos](https://github.com/xoreos/xoreos) projects for providing references on where and how to get the required game data.

Commit message:

fix for corrupted strings in GFFs

README.md, after:

# SotOR: Saves of the Old Republic

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)

A new save editor for KotOR 1 and 2

![](assets/screenshot.png)

# Warning

SotOR is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural, and generally lacks sanity checks, potentially allowing you to break the save. Also there are bugs, probably.

It creates a zip with the previous version of the save in it's directory, but you may still want to back it up manually.

May or may not work with saves from non-English versions of the game. Use at your own risk.

Saves from the Android version of KotOR 2 have a weird issue with corrupted empty string values. This save editor tries to fix them, and the issue doesn't seem to affect anything important, but I can't guarantee it won't lead to other issues later on.

# Differences from KSE

- Aims to provide the same features and more. Currently WIP.
- Runs natively on Windows, Linux and [in the browser](https://starfishxeno.github.io/sotor/) (experimental, using wasm). Mac version should work, but pre-built releases won't be available here.
- Uses a built-in game database, allowing it to work wihout the game installed. Still capable of loading provided game files for your modding needs. Provided releases assume KotOR 1 Community patch and KotOR2 TSLRCM.
- Support for the updated steam version of TSL, including workshop.
- Does NOT support xbox and switch saves. See "Contributing" section.

# Contributing

If you encounter a bug or have a suggestion, please open an issue on github.

I would like to add support for the console versions, but I don't own any of them. If you're willing to provide save files and help with testing, please open an issue.

# Building

To build SotOR yourself you need to have the [rust toolchain](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started), platform-specific dependencies for [egui](https://github.com/emilk/egui/tree/3b19303e02bd2d386cf8b85b248388a25bfe9e26/crates/egui_glow) and [rfd](https://docs.rs/rfd/0.13.0/rfd/index.html#gtk-backend) and both games installed.

Set environment variable `STEAM_APPS` to your steamapps directory or use a `.env` file. If you are not using steam it should still work if the provided directory has the correct structure. See `build.rs` for details.

Example:

```bash
echo STEAM_APPS=/mnt/storage/SteamLibrary/steamapps > .env
cargo run #run a debug build
cargo build --release #build a release version
```

To build for other targets you also need to install [cross](https://github.com/cross-rs/cross) and [trunk](https://trunkrs.dev/). See `build-all.sh`.

# Thanks

Thanks to [KSE](https://github.com/nadrino/kotor-savegame-editor), [NWN Wiki](https://nwn.wiki), [KotOR.js](https://github.com/KobaltBlu/KotOR.js) and [xoreos](https://github.com/xoreos/xoreos) projects for providing references on where and how to get the required game data.
